this is like a laksa sauna the mackerel
and the chili and that tamarind gives it
the sourness yes
and the laksa leaves and the leaves all
right
check it out guys it's trevor james
we're with our buddy mark
from simply you guys can follow his
instagram in the description
below and today we are deep in the
kampung of penang
malaysia right in the beautiful rice
fields and today mark is bringing us
full on
for a malaysian street food tour of
penang so trevor i hope you're hungry
because we got a lot of food to work
through let's check it out guys
[Music]
this is it penang malaysia
one of the most famous food cities in
the whole
world with a blend of malay chinese
and indian malaysian street food to be
found on
every corner and today our friend mark
from simply enoch is bringing us for
three incredible street foods
you're definitely going to want to see
including a surprise
500 street noodle that blew us both away
let's eat and first up nasi
kandar the ultimate flooded rice and
curry delight mark is bringing us to the
ultimate
place for nasi kandar mixed sloppy rice
curry plate
with all the accompaniments you can
dream of right here at hamidlia
1907. this is the first nasi kanda stall
in penang so we're going to try the nasi
kanda and the mutaba
really yeah okay let's get it let's do
it big line
oh and here we are guys just stepped in
and this is the murtabak station
oh so he's just made a container here of
onions chicken
and he's adding in tellur and it goes
right on the grill yes sir right on this
oh my and that's
the first layer yeah
[Music]
double layer yeah it smells amazing
that's really good
nam packs it up
look at that beautiful murtabak
he's just portioning it uh portioning it
oh there's the flip
look at that expert skills boom
oh and here's the final step the roti
yep nice
oh so he's gonna take it and wrap it in
roti
and then fried butter and fry it again
and you've been here 18 years
yes 18 years making this delicious
looking marta box wow there you go
oh and cheese you can get it with cheese
oh
you can add it on top both sides both
sides cheese
yeah oh and here comes the key ghee
oh no way it smells like that
pancake that you load with butter oh
that's the cheese one there's the cheese
look at that cheesiness so that is just
the beginning the martabak and then here
is the curry right the curries and the
rice
yeah taramakasi thank you boss thank you
boss
and here we are the curry station yeah
so
we're gonna we're gonna select what we
want to eat yeah let's take a look
yeah wow there's the squid
look at that oh my goodness and there's
so much curry here
whoa look at that oh and look at this
what do we got here oh deep fried cute
prawns
whoa flower crab flower crab yes
crabs are also fried yeah these are deep
fried flower fries
whoa and you can just get your rice yeah
with
fried chicken and all the mixed curry
look at that
that's the good stuff it's what we call
koa champore some mixture
of all the curry together that's what we
need yeah
we want the lobster oh lobster
look at the size no way
it's very big yeah wow here it starts
mix sauce mix up
here we go bloody speed this is it guys
oh flooded absolute flooded curry
vegetable okay okay
and then what else should we get buddy
so this is yours
load up on the lobster let's get lobster
yeah tattoo on top
no on top on top on top yeah
so love savannah there we go
look at this it's giant
with the gravy that's insane
and then you want to crack on it sure
and a crab
on top and a crab on top too
yeah oh look at this size yeah
okay okay um
maybe more gravy gravy
oh and yeah we're going to get a
finishing touch of gravy oh
yeah look at that it's insane
all right thank you boss
oh even more okay
what are you going to get buddy i'm
going to get
one lamb shang look at that
look at the size of that in salton
incredible the mixture of curries yeah
for some reason it all works together it
does doesn't it
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah that's it oh oh
oh and what's this
onion chicken look at all the chicken
fried onion chicken look at that god
we're just going to walk through these
beautiful alleys of penang to their shop
where you can sit in the ac so here we
go that is like next level
and there it is guys this is insane i do
not know where to begin
yeah i can't believe it you can't even
see the rice it's gone it's gone
it's just buried it's covered in that
mixed curry and
this is a truly malaysian oh
specialty look at the tail it's just
soaked in curry curry lobster
whoa and then we got
this is a flower crab sour crab yeah
that's right
oh my goodness there's a little rice
rice
and here we have a giant squid in deep
fried
really big and inside you probably see
the road
that is so big that the road is just
bolting out
there and here you have a huge
oh oh oh look at that caveman
[Music]
oh it's so juicy oh look at the meat
look at all that lobster flash and there
it is man i think i'm just gonna cover
it
in the gravy of the curry
and like you said the mixing of the
currency works wonders
it works right it's a it's a blend of
all different curries from
from mutton to seafood to chicken but it
all
works wow let's try it out
[Music]
oh wow wow that is a true combo of curry
there's actually you can taste the
sweetness from the onion
and the aroma from the tomato and then
the lobster perfectly springy and
muscular
the amount of fat here as well really
good very flavorful
and the meat is tender enough and the
curry flavor you can taste the curry
leaf
the heat is just nice it's not too much
it looks like there's a lot of fatty
flavor
oh yeah this is the flower crab right
yes this is the flower crab yeah it's
way sweeter than it might crap really
yes it's way sweeter
oh oh look at the meat there
and i think we should just cover it in a
little curry yeah i'm gonna eat mine
it's the sweet and spicy curry from the
onions and natural sweetness from the
onions
let's try it out
oh yeah so look at this soda i can't
even hold it because it's quite heavy
and it's fried it's fried you can smell
it man
and this this size is after it's fried
imagine before it's yeah so
yeah i do not know how to eat this i'm
just going to straight go from behind
maybe
i love how malaysia has so much seafood
yeah exactly from crab to lobsters to
sauton
i'm gonna work this from behind
[Music]
oh it's a juicy one and i'm going to
take a tentacle there
wow good man wow this is good
oh yeah it's tender right and the better
the better
the better it's flavorful it's got a
bryan wow and there's just so much
flavor in that curry look how thick it
is man the chicken and the
mutton and they i love how they just
slop it all together
it works and the beautiful thing it
comes as one oh oh
[Music]
so it's full of cheese cheese onions
egg you get a bit of chicken it's all in
there
it's all in with tons of ghee yeah so
this is a mixture of chicken curry
it's the same curry that they flirt our
rice with just
the mixture so this is like you gotta do
the
the baptism yes try it out
all the onion that will give you the
freshness yeah
so it will be a contrast of the rich
flavor
and the freshness of the onion
[Music]
oh yeah thank you boss
set up sang it sit up
and next up before mark's 500
noodle surprise mark is bringing us deep
into the kampong village
outside of penang to go food ranging for
the ultimate malay style
laksa you need to see this and next up
we are driving through the jungle
across to the other side of penang yes
and you can see during stalls already
oh yeah and then we're going over to
the other side of the island for laksa
the area is called bale pulao which is
the other side of the island
it's gonna be good wow it's beautiful
so green in malaysia
here we are all the cars parked for
laksa
yeah on your left wow right here yep
laksa is busy and here we are so guys we
are here at laksa jungles one of our
very nice
malay laksa here in bali pulau deep in
the kampong
village style okay and here we are
that's the temperature
oh and you can get deep fried banana
here too yeah wow
beautiful oh
look at the size of this whoa
laksa broth pure mackerel stock
you can smell that rich mackerel oh yeah
wow bounce it up sang it set up
and there is so much in here what do we
got here mark so what we have here is a
lot of mackerel
yeah followed by laksa leaves we have uh
a lot of tamarind wow you can smell the
macro yes
this is like a laksa sauna the mackerel
and the chili and that tamarind gives it
the sourness yes
and the laksa leaves and the lots
bananas
lots of chili in there they use this is
all the awesome pieces
oh the tamarind tamarind pieces yeah
yeah oh the noodles the noodle itself
and once this is cool they're going to
send it to the front oh
cooling the noodles too yeah thank you
very much
oh and here we go this is the laksa
station
hi how are you and this is the laksa
station after seeing that locks a hot
tub
i'm really excited to try look at that
we got the cucumber the lettuce the
onion
and then here's the giant laksa stock
that is beautiful yeah
tara mccassi there it is that's ready to
eat
yes sir let's go try it out oh and there
they are
look at that that's the laksa you can
smell the cucumber
and the mackerel the macro yeah
fishy mackerel aroma wow and what are
these chunks there on top
those are tamarind pieces tamarind
pieces yeah so these are all tamarind
pieces
yeah some jawa yeah that's in it and
those are going to be a little sour
it's sour definitely sour yeah and
all the other pieces like this are
actually the fish
the fish that they blend it into the
soup wow
it smells potent like a mackerel soup
infused sour yes broth i love that
freshness combo with the lots of leaves
let's try
it out cheers buddy cheers
and the chili kicks in and it's spicy
too
yeah mmm it's sour and sweet
and spicy and it's got that macro flavor
and then fresh as well yes so fresh the
fresh onions give it a good
mmm and the lettuce and the cucumber
and i love how they're just scooping
bowl after yeah yeah yeah
back there to that long lineup of locks
of customers yes
it up thank you okay see you next time
thank you bye-bye kara makassi boss sang
it set
see you next time thank you bye-bye all
right thank you
thank you see you next time all right
thank you bye-bye all right and last up
to finish up the day
mark is bringing us to his favorite char
kway teow fried noodle stall in penang
except here he's surprising us with his
personal upgraded version
that was incredibly delish next up guys
mark and i are exploring the deep back
alleys of penang
and mark is bringing us to one of his
favorite char kway tao chinese stir
fries yes
trap noodle joints going to be tiger
chakra today
and buddy i got a surprise and extreme
pimped up chakwetiya surprise for you
today really
this is not your ordinary chakwitiel
yeah okay
let's go check it out
oh they're special the special one
chinese malaysian
stir fries so rice noodle with sprouts
soy sauce chili oh
[Music]
so mark you brought a special box for us
today so
christmas came early so i got a gift box
and a few surprises to go with the tiger
truck right now
go with the chocolate surprise number
one buddy
wow big prawns which i got from the
market this morning giant prawns
white shell prawns this is one level
higher than tiger prawns wow
so this is gonna be plum and juicy and
sweet so
i'm gonna pass it okay
big prawns going in here's the bean
sprouts and there's the noodle
chilli goes there look at all that chili
yes 40 years 40 years of history yeah
and he's the third generation
third generation yes it started from his
grandfather
judiciary
[Applause]
and those prawns are giant oh little soy
little chili little garlic
the cocoa is golden oh yeah look at the
size of the yolk
and ah
oh and it's getting mixed together
second surprise
isla whiskey my friend in
breakfast for champions yeah
wow that's gonna give it an aroma
oh and it's finished look at those
noodles incredibly aromatic with that
whiskey
yes and those beautiful white shell
giant oh
look at the size of those oh man
[Laughter]
[Applause]
so we're going to take it to the whole
new level yeah okay so i did this for a
food event before
yeah so the last surprise
oh we're gonna need a bit of a tool what
are we doing here
so first we need to get the opener up
and we need to get the spoon that we
need to
oh no is this what i think it is the
ingredient now
yeah what do we have here so it is
carefully
wrapped in this box and we have
caviar oh my goodness
wow there are three types of caviar
right here
vintage you have the premier and then
you have the origin oh my
gosh so this the origin is is definitely
luxury luxury right here this is crazy
the black gold the gold
[Music]
and we've got three varieties we've got
three varieties so we're starting off
with
the vintage and then we're moving on to
the premium
and then the origin okay yeah this is
crazy oh look at that premium little
caviar eggs and what an idea man
i would have never thought about this
you did this for an event but i did it
for an event before
it went wow we had a lot to eat look at
that caviar and i think i'm just going
to put it
on the prawn oh
man i never thought i'd see the day
caviar on shark way down so this is the
luxury
it's vintage and now we're gonna add the
premium yeah
right i think i'm gonna just add it on
the on the noodle again and yeah you can
smell that whiskey
and those giant prawns are plump yeah
man we got three varieties here
luxury street style choco
we got the whiskey man what a surprise
bro
that's how we row he went to the morning
market before meeting us this morning
picked up some giant prawns and and
caviar
okay and pick up the bottle whiskey and
the whiskey
and i think we should just go right in
for that giant prawn
infused with whiskey yes cheers here we
go
[Music]
oh it's good that's an explosion
no way wow that's like a hundred dollar
bite of prawn right there
i think so buddy man that is delicious
that pure caviar flavor with the prawn
yeah i think next up we gotta get it
with the noodle yes exactly
so yeah man well this morning i went to
you know to my friend's shop and got
this caviar picked up
thanks you know patrick from poseidon uh
seafood and also ben from drum and leaf
whiskey
for supplying us the whiskey they
supplied all this to us yes they supply
all these to us
i'm telling you each blade of this
chakra right now
you're gonna probably pay about four
hundred dollars a dollar
no so enjoy and save us this is a once
in a lifetime
yeah once in a lifetime let's go in for
that bite man
thanks to the seafood patrick for
providing this
let's try it out
[Music]
that is crazy man oh there we go it's
pure caviar flavor
it's definitely salty it adds a little
extra salt to the to the dish
but so much umami as well
umami and the smokiness with the whiskey
this is happiness on the plate it's good
stuff
isn't it okay that was delicious
see you okay bye-bye bye-bye thank you
okay i hope you guys enjoyed that street
food video
make sure to leave us a comment down
below and go subscribe to mark's new
youtube channel
in the description below as well thanks
a lot for watching guys